[docs] How to add system packages (#6919)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/how_to_add_packages.md

For cases where a project only offers source files, but not a build script, you can add CMake support, but first, contact the upstream and open a PR offering building support. If it's rejected because the author doesn't want any kind of build script, or the project is abandoned, CCI can accept your build script. Take a look at [Bzip2](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/bzip2/all/CMakeLists.txt) and [DirectShowBaseClasses](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/directshowbaseclasses/all/CMakeLists.txt) as examples.

For exceptional cases where only system packages can be used and a regular Conan package may be result in an incompatible and fragile package, a separated system package

> may be created. As example there are [glu](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/glu/all/conanfile.py) and [OpenCL](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/opencl/system/conanfile.py). Also, it will require an exception rule for [conan-center hook](https://github.com/conan-io/hooks#conan-center), a [pull request](https://github.com/conan-io/hooks/pulls) should be open to allow it over the KB-H032.

Reviewer: The openCL link is broken

Author: Ops, the correct should be OpenGL

> may be created. As example there are [glu](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/glu/all/conanfile.py) and [OpenCL](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/opencl/system/conanfile.py). Also, it will require an exception rule for [conan-center hook](https://github.com/conan-io/hooks#conan-center), a [pull request](https://github.com/conan-io/hooks/pulls) should be open to allow it over the KB-H032.

Author: ```suggestion
may be created. As example there are [glu](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/glu/all/conanfile.py) and [OpenGL](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/opengl/all/conanfile.py). Also, it will require an exception rule for [conan-center hook](https://github.com/conan-io/hooks#conan-center), a [pull request](https://github.com/conan-io/hooks/pulls) should be open to allow it over the KB-H032.
```
